RSNA-Intracranial-Hemorrhage-Detection

Intracranial hemorrhage, bleeding that occurs inside the cranium, is a serious health problem requiring rapid and often intensive medical treatment. For example, intracranial hemorrhages account for approximately 10% of strokes in the U.S., where stroke is the fifth-leading cause of death. Identifying the location and type of any hemorrhage present is a critical step in treating the patient.  Diagnosis requires an urgent procedure. When a patient shows acute neurological symptoms such as severe headache or loss of consciousness, highly trained specialists review medical images of the patient’s cranium to look for the presence, location and type of hemorrhage. The process is complicated and often time consuming.  In this competition, your challenge is to build an algorithm to detect acute intracranial hemorrhage and its subtypes.  You’ll develop your solution using a rich image dataset provided by the Radiological Society of North America (RSNA®) in collaboration with members of the American Society of Neuroradiology and MD.ai.  If successful, you’ll help the medical community identify the presence, location and type of hemorrhage in order to quickly and effectively treat affected patients.  Challenge participants may be invited to present their AI models and methodologies during an award ceremony at the RSNA Annual Meeting which will be held in Chicago, Illinois, USA, from December 1-6, 2019.

if you want to check out the dataset here is the link : https://www.kaggle.com/c/rsna-intracranial-hemorrhage-detection
